Add panel from Rust for the Web London (#2346)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/appearances/2024-02-07-rust-in-production-why-how.md

---
title: "Panel - Rust in Production: Why? How?"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2024-02-07-rustweb-london/thumbnail-panel.jpg"
url: https://youtu.be/ZRBayed8cLw
media: video
channel: rustweb-london
---

Moderator Luca Palmieri (Principal Engineering Consultant at Mainmatter) and
panelists ​Edward Wright (Lead GIS Engineer at Vortexa), ​Nodar Daneliya
(Founder and CEO of Shuttle), and ​James Cole (Arwen.ai), discussed the reasons

> for choosing Rust and how to use it for production at our Rust for the Web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for choosing Rust and how they use it in production at our Rust for the Web
```

Author: Should I change the YouTube description as well, then?

Reviewer: yes please

> for choosing Rust and how they use it in production at our Rust for the Web
> Meetup. at our Rust for the Web meetup in London.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for choosing Rust and how they use it in production at our Rust for the Web
meetup in London.
```
